For the last time on this module,
we are going to look back at
what happened in this lesson.
So, we started out by
just talking about SIP,
Randy did a great job at kind of
explaining the different layers of SIP.
SIP stack.
>> Yeah, then we went a little bit deeper,
talking about the specific
protocol operations.
Backing the SIPs.
>> Yeah.
>> Or Search Initiation Protocol.
>> Yeah and then looked at
the network elements of SIP I guess.
So, all the stuff was basically pulled
from the internet very easily to
find again.
>> Then finally we went over SIP
messages which are pretty important.
Pretty vital if you
wanna make some kind of.
Application using you know,
SIP requests and responses just
like we did before with HTTP.
>> Yeah.
So now, you know,
you've kind of gotten at least
a higher-level view of what SIP is,
what VOIP is maybe gotten
to practice with Linphone,
making some calls from your DragonBoard to
your other phones or your other devices.
I've had some fun with that.
So, now we have another module on
some more really cool theory stuff,
codecs, how everything's
functioning on a lower level.
We're gonna go even lower.
Our professor is gonna take you at a very
really cool, through a cool view at codecs
and DSP and such, but then after that,
we're gonna build up our application.
>> Yeah, be sure to stick around for that.
>> Be sure to stick around for that
because that's where kind of all the meat
is and we're gonna have some fun
>> Seeing what kind of stuff you guys come
up with too using our kind of core code.
But anyways, it's been fun.
We'll see you hopefully
in the next module.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And yeah,
keep on the discussion boards.
We love to hear your input.